Code Pen 
https://codepen.io/bendennett/pen/GRJxaZw?editors=1100


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        To create meaning out of the code.  To make it easier to read.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To create pages on the web throug a series of links.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Some specific value that describes a group of elements.  Inside the curly brackets.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The headline or header, just once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        body, paragrah
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title, link, style, meta data
    7. What is an id? 
        unique attributes for a specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        one
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        one
    10. What is a class? 
        a certain type of element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        almost anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        many
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        an anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        so information about the image, if the image can't be seen
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is breaks in the document, div is breaks in the html
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        adding personality to your web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            A class is a set of elements, and id is a specific one.  On the bakery page, all the section headlines would be a class, one italicized word would be an id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            #
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            Select all elements that are direct desendents of a previous element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .div sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            select a special state of the element, hover, visited
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform:uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            outline-style: dotted;
            outline-color: black
            outline-width: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /*write comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        It's the info written
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        cd
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        -R there's no undo
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Prevents work from conflicting, you can go back in time
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        As often as possible, it's the save
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1.  Fork the repo, create my own version
        2.  Add my PM as a collaborator
        3.  Clone my repo, add it to the terminal
        4.  branch (add, commit, push)
        5. submit a pull request